accelerated
Korean song
There was a Statesman
His father died
They lived in three houses
Helping each other
Doing the
castration
on foot
Turn x중
Draw
at work
Please
Thanks
Yes.
One day, in front of the main hall,
a monk appeared to the place where the monk was thinking.
Oh, this is the monk.
What are you thinking about?
You are going to the path of the Buddha by going on a short trip.
Today is a good day to bow down your hair.
Come here.
Why are you bowing down your hair again?
Why aren't you answering me?
Master, I don't want to become a monk.
Now I am not a monk.
In front of the Japanese Empire,
the ships of foreign countries are pushing each other.
If one mistake is made, the country will be in danger.
If one mistake is made,
the country will be in danger.
I don't want to become a monk.
No matter how far you go,
you will never reach the heart of the Japanese Empire.